This post is written with reference to the interview with [Han-Gyeol Lee](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hanlee0707/).  
[https://youtu.be/CQj797uQw1U?si=PmCScDRERUUNVmSI](https://youtu.be/CQj797uQw1U?si=PmCScDRERUUNVmSI)

Full Video

## Introduction

Recently, I received the following comment from a team member:

> There is too much code in one PR.  
> Next time, please create PRs in smaller units.

In the interview with Han-Gyeol Lee, there were answers such as:

* How to create PRs with good readability
* How to create commits with good readability

## What is a Mutually Respectful PR?

What makes a good PR? For example, a PR that could make someone say, "This could be approved immediately," could be considered good. A good PR could be likened to writing; you might think of a PR as a paragraph and a commit as a sentence. A readable piece of writing has one topic per paragraph and one content per sentence. If you think of it as writing, understanding the following contents will be easier. In other words, since a paragraph is a topic, it's better to separate Refactor PRs and Feature PRs for a good PR.

### Creating a Flow in Commits

Before starting work, always set checkpoints. Assuming that 2000 lines of code changes are needed for a task, it is crucial to plan ahead and divide it into segments of about 100 lines to determine the safest and most natural flow. Each of the divided commits (tasks) can be referred to as checkpoints. Ensure they are structured in a way that a team member can readily understand upon reviewing the accumulated commits.

### Each Commit Should Be Easy to Read

Han-Gyeol suggests keeping this to around 400-500 lines. It can be flexible. Even if it grows bigger as long as it's under 1000 lines, it's generally fine.  
However, <u>test code is essential</u>. The 500 line code change by Han-Gyeol is composed as follows:

* 100 lines (20%): Functional changes  
* 400 lines (80%): (As much as possible) test code

> Won’t the tests fail due to external class/function dependencies?

(The video touches on this briefly) By creating empty methods with no functionality, tests are written on the premise of " this is likely how it will look once the functionality is implemented."

## Even the Chief Developer at Moloco Finds a Non-Mutually Respectful PR Challenging

If 1,000 lines of code are sent to Han-Gyeol, he might say:

> I can’t confidently say there are no issues with your code...  
> Because too many changes have been made at once.

If many unit tests are already written, he requests to break it down and send it in parts.

## Good Habits for the Team

* Juyoung Jang: "It seems like a good habit to respect the other person's time."  
* Han-Gyeol Lee: "That's correct, but it's also mutual respect. When I respect someone, <u>this respect likely returns to me.</u>"

## Conclusion

The stories of the protagonists are a channel from which student developers can learn well. Everyone has a desire to do well, but without experience, it's hard to excell just through effort alone. It is, therefore, a blessing to be able to learn from the experiences of professional developers.