## What is the problem?

(As you may already know) files written in TypeScript need to be compiled into JavaScript for deployment. Typically, these are gathered in a `dist` directory for deployment.

However, for AdminJS, there is no command for building provided in the official documentation. This becomes an issue faced during deployment if not thought of in a development environment.

## What should be done?

Naturally, you need to build the TypeScript files corresponding to the AdminJS page. Although not documented, AdminJS supports a [bundler](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs-bundler).

If the value of `compilerOptions.module` in `tsconfig.json` is:

* `commonjs`, you should install the [version 2.0.0 or below](https://www.puleugo.dev/util/clipboard.html?text=%22@adminjs/bundler%22:%20%22%5E2.0.0%22).
* For others (ESM), install [version 3.0.0 or above](https://www.puleugo.dev/util/clipboard.html?text=%22@adminjs/bundler%22:%20%22%5E3.0.0%22).

As my project uses `commonjs`, let me take version 2.0.0 as an example. There isn't much of a difference, so please use the jsDoc of the methods for reference. For version 2.0.0, use it as shown below:

```typescript
//   src/admin/component/index.ts
import { ComponentLoader } from 'adminjs';

export const componentLoader = new ComponentLoader();
export const components = {
  NotEditableInput: componentLoader.add('NotEditableInput', './NotEditableInput'),
};


//   src/bundle.ts
import { bundle } from '@adminjs/bundler';
import { join } from 'path';

void (async () => {
  await bundle({
    // The path to the file where all components are initialized when yarn run build is executed
    customComponentsInitializationFilePath: join('dist', 'admin', 'component', 'index.js'),
    // The directory path to store results of bundled initialized components
    destinationDir: join('dist', 'build'),
  });
})();
```

Add to `package.json > scripts`:

* ["bundle": "node dist/bundle.js"](https://www.puleugo.dev/util/clipboard.html?text=%22bundle%22:%20%22node%20dist/bundle.js%22)

There are some changes during CI:

1. `yarn run build`
2. `yarn run bundle`

When running `yarn run bundle`, the bundled result will be stored in `/dist/build`.

## Other Issues:

### Invalid hook call. Hooks can only be called inside of the body of a function component.

This often occurs when the React version used by the AdminJS library does not match the installed React version. 
Check the React version of AdminJS using the command `yarn list --depth=1`, and unify the versions.

### Deployment failure in serverless environments

Serverless fundamentally manages services with immutability. AdminJS always performs bundling into temporary files (./adminjs) regardless of `NODE_ENV` and `whether pre-bundled`. Adding `ADMIN_JS_SKIP_BUNDLE=true` to the production environment variables allows deployment without issues.